Fre'ta (Today at 4:44:20AM) -- Missing propdirsI was just looking over
the FuzzBall code, and I think I may have foundthe problem with losing
propdirs...  I'm not posative about this, but it'sa good guess based on
what I was reading and what I've seen..  Unless I'mreading the code
wrong, fetch_propvals will not properly load subpropdirswhen it should
to have properly fetched all the values as it appears to betrying to
do..  If it doesn't load the propdir, then PropDir() will turnup NULL,
and it will get skipped later.  The reason it works even part ofthe
time, I THINK is there appears to also be a bug in the prop loading
code(I haven't tried tracking this down, but when I displayed a prop
tree,it showed it had loaded propdirs it shouldn't have needed to) that
causesit to load propdirs it doesn't need to..  So this prevents more
propdirsfrom being lost.Admittedly, alot of this is just speculation on
my part based on my limitedunderstanding of the code dealing with
loading properties.

Fre'ta (Today at 2:02:28AM) --
One thing I think might help w/ 6.00 is to add a flag thats stored in
the DB for if it's a propdir.  Also, the more I read it the more it
looks like there is mistakes with things that didn't get updated w/ the
new prop code.  But I can't tell cause the prop code is so messed up
already.*Done*

propfetch() and fetchprops() might be inconsistent on loading propdirs.
DB dumping may not load unloaded propdirs due to using propfetch().

